# Dislocation Ontology Suite Use Cases
Here, we list four use cases that utilize DISOS as the backbone ontologies. Every use case imports the module(s) according to the data types, such as crystal structure data, slip system data, dislocation microstructure data, and dislocation simulation data. Subsequently, each data is transformed into linked data by mapping the data into DISOS concepts. 
# Use Cases
## [UC1](./UC1): Transforming CIF data into linked data
In this use case, we annotate Crystallographic Information File (CIF) data, e.g., Nickel, aluminum, tungsten, etc., using DISOS's Crystal Structure Module (CSO). CIF data come from the Material Project repository. Apart from that, We also gather several competency questions based on this use case and formulate the SPARQL queries corresponding to CQs.
## [UC2](./UC2): Crystallographic information of a dislocation structure
In this case, we annotate the crystallographic information of a dislocation structure data into linked data. The crystallographic information of a dislocation structure includes, e.g., crystal structure, slip system, slip plane, and slip direction data. We import two DISOS modules to annotate these data: the crystal structure (CSO) and the dislocation module (DISO). We also gathered several competency questions based on this use case and formulated the SPARQL queries corresponding to CQs.
## [UC3](./UC3): Dislocation Structure of MoDELib virtual specimen
In this use case, we transform the dislocation structure into linked data. The dislocation structure produced is a virtual specimen of Nickel that consists of several dislocation lines. To fully describe the virtual specimen, the details of the crystal structure of Nickel, such as unit cell lattice parameters, point group, and space group data, are taken from the Materials Project repository. We also gathered several competency questions based on this use case and formulated the SPARQL queries corresponding to CQs.
## [UC4](./UC4): Modeling discrete dislocation dynamics data
All DISOS modules are utilized in this specific use case to annotate the information collected from a DDD simulation accurately. The discrete dislocation dynamics (DDD) data used in this work was generated through the MoDELib software and took specific initial dislocation density and specimen size into account. The cube-shaped Copper specimen, with an edge length of 50 nanometers, is randomly filled with dipolar edge loops on all slip systems until the initial density of $1\cdot10^{16}$ $m^{-2}$ is reached. During the simulation, the dislocation microstructure can relax without any external load, meaning that internal stress and image forces solely influence the dislocation evolution. Based on this use case, we also gather several competency questions and formulate the SPARQL queries corresponding to CQs.
